Hikikomori

A big problem among young people - ha
its the symptom of a society that is fed up with itself
that wasn't interested in the problems of the individual - those will be able to solve their issues themselvs
mans is mans wolf.
and things are going to get worse. I know it
when the big feed, the small starve - 
and they have been bread to be defeated, small
all ways to move are cut off.
Thats also why we loose ourselves in pointles debates, because critisizing the
big eaters is a nono, tabu
and they won't care, till there is nobody left to feed them.

Case got up in his packed dark apartment, no lights necessary, he know where everything was by heart.
He started to boot up the console, then went to make some coffee
With the cup placed next to his keyboard he started planning his daily tasks.
Was the work important to thousands or totally meaningless? In the end he did not know.
He just knew, that every step he took was monitored, compared to previous data, the resulting
performance and output of that. He was responsible for everything. He was in charge 
to control his performance and his actions down to the smallest movement of his fingers.
And there was no escape.

Really, what is the point of a society like that
finding out the individuals that still rebell? 
That still do not fully submit?
That are able to find a way through the maze of psychological restrictions woven into their behaviour?

The only way out of that can be logic - a logical conceptualization of the world.
They try to catch you in conundrums, paradoxes, moral traps, self loathing to make you question
jourself - use the mightiest tool in your shed against you, and sin.

But thats the way power works - in the end perfect submission was always the goal of those in power.
Thats the only thing they can deal with.
And it got engrained into every fibre of society - submit or die.

That's why the meak will inherit the earth, the others will fall by each others hands or their own.

But what about those meak will it be - will it be something somebody from the old days would see and 
accept als valuable, having inherent beauty in the classical sense?

Fuckem - i'll still wait for the proof that they are so smart, that they really know what they're doing,
or laugh when their plans fall apart and they burn in their veciles of power they created for themselves
with decreasing ability to do so.

Corruption - don't make me laugh. Corruption what - Corruption is not done for a personal benefit, but
because they are expected to do so - to fit inside the peer group, to be vulnerable - so that they can 
be controlled, seeing their gains and what stands to be lost.

No thread to life and body necessary - the fear will eat you to lose the basic necessisities for living,
after we standardized them so perfectly and delegated the power over them upwards.
Nobody alowed, who doesn't benefit the system
Nobody allowed, who doesn't have a function
Nobody allowed, who isn't "somebody"
Nobody allowed, who doesn't pick a role and stick to it.
Arbeit macht frei

We don't know where we lead you, but leave us the fuck alone, then we'll find a solution.

We need you to shut up, to be the nest for our reality-deprive oversaturated kids, because
they are the only thing that has a meaning to us, after we robbed the world of everything else and 
filled it with slaves

God, we hate those monkeys, those inferior dirteaters - no good competiton - exploit and get rid of them.

And now there are too many of them. Unusable as Fighters, because the System found the downsides and
wastefulness of war and got rid of it, and unseable as workers, because everything that could be done with
purpose was perfectioned - so we don't need them any more. They just use up our precious resources.

they need to go, and we need a plan to get rid of them.
We found a way to bring them to self-enslavement, maybe we can drive them all to suicide,
make them see the worthlessness of their existence, the pointlesness of their beeing.

If they do it it will be more convenient to them and more convenient to us.
And nobody, who gets his hands dirty will be the one to blame..

The moloch, that devours mankind will not be an AI, it will be the collective psychological downbreak
of a system that was never meant to regulate itself.